hello Nathaniel Joseph wha
I am princess adora
I first must commend you on finding the
eight gems for the amulet by no means an
easy task you then fought through great
adversity and peril and found your way
here to tiger island and equally
difficult task
finally you defeated Lord Omar the
captain of my royal Tiger guard and
obtained the final gem you have indeed
proven yourself worthy to hold the title
as champion of all cats in the greater
more realms and you will proudly wear
this title with the amulet of nine lives
the cat champion who wears this amulet
wields incredible magical power and is
granted by the deities a true 9 lives
the closest any mortal creature can come
to immortality
go now nathaniel Omar will accompany you
as a guardian to both yourself and the
amulet the amulet is very powerful so
it's important that it not fall into the
hands of someone corrupt or villainous
guarded with your life and it will serve
you forever
[Music]